src/components/testbench/index.md, before:

---
title: Orchestra Testbench Package
badge: testbench

---

Testbench Component is a simple package that is supposed to help you write tests for your Laravel package, especially when there is routing involved.

1. [Version Compatibility](#compatibility)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Usage](#usage)
    - [Custom Service Providers](#package-providers)
    - [Custom Aliases](#package-aliases)
    - [Overriding setup() method](#overriding-setup-method)
    - [Overriding Console Kernel](#overriding-console-kernel)
    - [Overriding HTTP Kernel](#overriding-http-kernel)
    - [Overriding Application Timezone](#overriding-application-timezone)
    - [Using Migrations](#using-migrations)
4. [Alternative 3rd Party Testing](#alternative-testing)
5. [Troubleshoot](#troubleshoot)
6. [Change Log]({doc-url}/components/testbench/changes#v3-1)

<a name="compatibility"></a>
## Version Compatibility

 Laravel  | Testbench
:---------|:----------
 4.0.x    | 2.0.x
 4.1.x    | 2.1.x
 4.2.x    | 2.2.x
 5.0.x    | 3.0.x
 5.1.x    | 3.1.x

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation

To install through composer, simply put the following in your `composer.json` file:

```json
{
    "require-dev": {
        "orchestra/testbench": "~3.0"
    }
}
```

And then run `composer install` from the terminal.

<a name="quick-installation"></a>
### Quick Installation

Above installation can also be simplify by using the following command:

    composer require --dev "orchestra/testbench=~3.0"

<a name="usage"></a>
## Usage

To use Testbench Component, all you need to do is extend `Orchestra\Testbench\TestCase` instead of `PHPUnit_Framework_TestCase`. The fixture `app` booted by `Orchestra\Testbench\TestCase` is predefined to follow the base application skeleton of Laravel 5.

```php
<?php

class TestCase extends Orchestra\Testbench\TestCase
{
    //
}
```

<a name="package-providers"></a>
### Custom Service Providers

To load your package service provider, override the `getPackageProviders`.

```php
protected function getPackageProviders($app)
{
    return ['Acme\AcmeServiceProvider'];
}
```

<a name="package-aliases"></a>
### Custom Aliases

To load your package alias, override the `getPackageAliases`.

```php
protected function getPackageAliases($app)
{
    return [
        'Acme' => 'Acme\Facade'
    ];
}
```

<a name="overriding-setup-method"></a>
### Overriding setUp() method

Since `Orchestra\Testbench\TestCase` replace Laravel's `Illuminate\Foundation\Testing\TestCase`, if you need your own `setUp()` implementation, do not forget to call `parent::setUp()`:

```php
/**
 * Setup the test environment.
 */
public function setUp()
{
    parent::setUp();

    // Your code here
}
```

If you need to add something early in the application bootstrapping process, you could use the `getEnvironmentSetUp()` method:

```php
/**
 * Define environment setup.
 *
 * @param  \Illuminate\Foundation\Application  $app
 * @return void
 */
protected function getEnvironmentSetUp($app)
{
    // Setup default database to use sqlite :memory:
    $app['config']->set('database.default', 'testbench');
    $app['config']->set('database.connections.testbench', [
        'driver'   => 'sqlite',
        'database' => ':memory:',
        'prefix'   => '',
    ]);
}
```

<a name="overriding-console-kernel"></a>
### Overriding Console Kernel

You can easily swap Console Kernel for application bootstrap by overriding `resolveApplicationConsoleKernel()` method:

```php
/**
 * Resolve application Console Kernel implementation.
 *
 * @param  \Illuminate\Foundation\Application  $app
 * @return void
 */
protected function resolveApplicationConsoleKernel($app)
{
    $app->singleton('Illuminate\Contracts\Console\Kernel', 'Acme\Testbench\Console\Kernel');
}
```

<a name="overriding-http-kernel"></a>
### Overriding HTTP Kernel

You can easily swap HTTP Kernel for application bootstrap by overriding `resolveApplicationHttpKernel()` method:

```php
/**
 * Resolve application HTTP Kernel implementation.
 *
 * @param  \Illuminate\Foundation\Application  $app
 * @return void
 */
protected function resolveApplicationHttpKernel($app)
{
    $app->singleton('Illuminate\Contracts\Http\Kernel', 'Acme\Testbench\Http\Kernel');
}
```

<a name="overriding-application-timezone"></a>
### Overriding Application Timezone

You can also easily override application default timezone, instead of the default `"UTC"`:

```php
/**
 * Get application timezone.
 *
 * @param  \Illuminate\Foundation\Application  $app
 * @return string|null
 */
protected function getApplicationTimezone($app)
{
    return 'Asia/Kuala_Lumpur';
}
```

<a name="using-migrations"></a>
### Using Migrations

Testbench include a custom migrations command that support `realpath` option instead of the basic relative `path` option, this would make it easier for you to run database migrations during testing by just including the full realpath to your package database/migration folder.

```php
$this->artisan('migrate', [
    '--database' => 'testbench',
    '--realpath' => realpath(__DIR__.'/../migrations'),
]);
```

<a name="alternative-testing"></a>
## Alternative 3rd Party Testing

There also 3rd party packages that extends Testbench Component on CodeCeption and PHPSpec:

* [Testbench with CodeCeption](https://bitbucket.org/aedart/testing-laravel)
* [Testbench with PHPSpec](https://github.com/Pixelindustries/phpspec-testbench)

<a name="troubleshoot"></a>
## Troubleshoot

<a name="troubleshoot-invalid-key-length"></a>
### No supported encrypter found. The cipher and / or key length are invalid.

    RuntimeException: No supported encrypter found. The cipher and / or key length are invalid.

This error would only occur if your test suite require actual usage of the encrypter. To solve this you can add a dummy `APP_KEY` or use a specific key to your application/package `phpunit.xml`.

```xml
<phpunit>

    // ...

    <php>
        <env name="APP_KEY" value="AckfSECXIvnK5r28GVIWUAxmbBSjTsmF"/>
    </php>

</phpunit>
```

<a name="troubleshoot-session-not-set-on-request"></a>
### Session not set on request 

The error might pop-up when testing routes with `Request::old()` or `old()` helper inside the requested view. This is due to Testbench not loading the default global middleware made available with Laravel. 

To avoid breaking Backward Compatibility (BC) under 3.1 please add the following code under your `setUp` or `getEnvironmentSetUp` method.

```php
$app->make('Illuminate\Contracts\Http\Kernel')->pushMiddleware('Illuminate\Session\Middleware\StartSession');
```

Commit message:

Add example on using withFactories().
Signed-off-by: crynobone <crynobone@gmail.com>

src/components/testbench/index.md, after:

---
title: Orchestra Testbench Package
badge: testbench

---

Testbench Component is a simple package that is supposed to help you write tests for your Laravel package, especially when there is routing involved.

1. [Version Compatibility](#compatibility)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Usage](#usage)
    - [Custom Service Providers](#package-providers)
    - [Custom Aliases](#package-aliases)
    - [Overriding setup() method](#overriding-setup-method)
    - [Overriding Console Kernel](#overriding-console-kernel)
    - [Overriding HTTP Kernel](#overriding-http-kernel)
    - [Overriding Application Timezone](#overriding-application-timezone)
    - [Using Migrations](#using-migrations)
    - [Using Model Factories](#using-model-factories)
4. [Alternative 3rd Party Testing](#alternative-testing)
5. [Troubleshoot](#troubleshoot)
6. [Change Log]({doc-url}/components/testbench/changes#v3-1)

<a name="compatibility"></a>
## Version Compatibility

 Laravel  | Testbench
:---------|:----------
 4.0.x    | 2.0.x
 4.1.x    | 2.1.x
 4.2.x    | 2.2.x
 5.0.x    | 3.0.x
 5.1.x    | 3.1.x

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation

To install through composer, simply put the following in your `composer.json` file:

```json
{
    "require-dev": {
        "orchestra/testbench": "~3.0"
    }
}
```

And then run `composer install` from the terminal.

<a name="quick-installation"></a>
### Quick Installation

Above installation can also be simplify by using the following command:

    composer require --dev "orchestra/testbench=~3.0"

<a name="usage"></a>
## Usage

To use Testbench Component, all you need to do is extend `Orchestra\Testbench\TestCase` instead of `PHPUnit_Framework_TestCase`. The fixture `app` booted by `Orchestra\Testbench\TestCase` is predefined to follow the base application skeleton of Laravel 5.

```php
<?php

class TestCase extends Orchestra\Testbench\TestCase
{
    //
}
```

<a name="package-providers"></a>
### Custom Service Providers

To load your package service provider, override the `getPackageProviders`.

```php
protected function getPackageProviders($app)
{
    return ['Acme\AcmeServiceProvider'];
}
```

<a name="package-aliases"></a>
### Custom Aliases

To load your package alias, override the `getPackageAliases`.

```php
protected function getPackageAliases($app)
{
    return [
        'Acme' => 'Acme\Facade'
    ];
}
```

<a name="overriding-setup-method"></a>
### Overriding setUp() method

Since `Orchestra\Testbench\TestCase` replace Laravel's `Illuminate\Foundation\Testing\TestCase`, if you need your own `setUp()` implementation, do not forget to call `parent::setUp()`:

```php
/**
 * Setup the test environment.
 */
public function setUp()
{
    parent::setUp();

    // Your code here
}
```

If you need to add something early in the application bootstrapping process, you could use the `getEnvironmentSetUp()` method:

```php
/**
 * Define environment setup.
 *
 * @param  \Illuminate\Foundation\Application  $app
 * @return void
 */
protected function getEnvironmentSetUp($app)
{
    // Setup default database to use sqlite :memory:
    $app['config']->set('database.default', 'testbench');
    $app['config']->set('database.connections.testbench', [
        'driver'   => 'sqlite',
        'database' => ':memory:',
        'prefix'   => '',
    ]);
}
```

<a name="overriding-console-kernel"></a>
### Overriding Console Kernel

You can easily swap Console Kernel for application bootstrap by overriding `resolveApplicationConsoleKernel()` method:

```php
/**
 * Resolve application Console Kernel implementation.
 *
 * @param  \Illuminate\Foundation\Application  $app
 * @return void
 */
protected function resolveApplicationConsoleKernel($app)
{
    $app->singleton('Illuminate\Contracts\Console\Kernel', 'Acme\Testbench\Console\Kernel');
}
```

<a name="overriding-http-kernel"></a>
### Overriding HTTP Kernel

You can easily swap HTTP Kernel for application bootstrap by overriding `resolveApplicationHttpKernel()` method:

```php
/**
 * Resolve application HTTP Kernel implementation.
 *
 * @param  \Illuminate\Foundation\Application  $app
 * @return void
 */
protected function resolveApplicationHttpKernel($app)
{
    $app->singleton('Illuminate\Contracts\Http\Kernel', 'Acme\Testbench\Http\Kernel');
}
```

<a name="overriding-application-timezone"></a>
### Overriding Application Timezone

You can also easily override application default timezone, instead of the default `"UTC"`:

```php
/**
 * Get application timezone.
 *
 * @param  \Illuminate\Foundation\Application  $app
 * @return string|null
 */
protected function getApplicationTimezone($app)
{
    return 'Asia/Kuala_Lumpur';
}
```

<a name="using-migrations"></a>
### Using Migrations

Testbench include a custom migrations command that support `realpath` option instead of the basic relative `path` option, this would make it easier for you to run database migrations during testing by just including the full realpath to your package database/migration folder.

```php
$this->artisan('migrate', [
    '--database' => 'testbench',
    '--realpath' => realpath(__DIR__.'/../migrations'),
]);
```

<a name="using-model-factories"></a>
### Using Model Factories

Testbench include `withFactories()` method to allow you to register custom model factory path for your test suite.

```php
$this->withFactories(__DIR__.'/factories');
```

<a name="alternative-testing"></a>
## Alternative 3rd Party Testing

There also 3rd party packages that extends Testbench Component on CodeCeption and PHPSpec:

* [Testbench with CodeCeption](https://bitbucket.org/aedart/testing-laravel)
* [Testbench with PHPSpec](https://github.com/Pixelindustries/phpspec-testbench)

<a name="troubleshoot"></a>
## Troubleshoot

<a name="troubleshoot-invalid-key-length"></a>
### No supported encrypter found. The cipher and / or key length are invalid.

    RuntimeException: No supported encrypter found. The cipher and / or key length are invalid.

This error would only occur if your test suite require actual usage of the encrypter. To solve this you can add a dummy `APP_KEY` or use a specific key to your application/package `phpunit.xml`.

```xml
<phpunit>

    // ...

    <php>
        <env name="APP_KEY" value="AckfSECXIvnK5r28GVIWUAxmbBSjTsmF"/>
    </php>

</phpunit>
```

<a name="troubleshoot-session-not-set-on-request"></a>
### Session not set on request 

The error might pop-up when testing routes with `Request::old()` or `old()` helper inside the requested view. This is due to Testbench not loading the default global middleware made available with Laravel. 

To avoid breaking Backward Compatibility (BC) under 3.1 please add the following code under your `setUp` or `getEnvironmentSetUp` method.

```php
$app->make('Illuminate\Contracts\Http\Kernel')->pushMiddleware('Illuminate\Session\Middleware\StartSession');
```
