src/components/facile/index.md, before:

---
title: Facile Component
badge: facile

---

Facile Component simplify the need to create API based response in your Laravel application, with just the following code you are able to return multi format Response, either it be HTML (using `View`), json or etc.

1. [Version Compatibility](#compatibility)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Configuration](#configuration)
4. [Change Log]({doc-url}/components/facile/changes#v2-2)
5. [Github](https://github.com/orchestral/facile)

<a name="compatibility"></a>
## Version Compatibility

Laravel    | Facile
:----------|:----------
 4.0.x     | 2.0.x
 4.1.x     | 2.1.x
 4.2.x     | 2.2.x
 5.0.x     | 3.0.x

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation

To install through composer, simply put the following in your `composer.json` file:

```json
{
	"require": {
		"orchestra/facile": "~3.0"
	}
}
```

And then run `composer install` from the terminal.

<a name="quick-installation"></a>
### Quick Installation

Above installation can also be simplify by using the following command:

	composer require "orchestra/facile=~3.0"

<a name="configuration"></a>
## Configuration

Next add the service provider in `config/app.php`.

```php
'providers' => [

	// ...

	'Orchestra\Facile\FacileServiceProvider',
],
```

### Aliases

You might want to add `Orchestra\Support\Facades\Facile` to class aliases in `config/app.php`:

```php
'aliases' => [

	// ...

	'Facile' => 'Orchestra\Support\Facades\Facile',
],
```

Commit message:

Add facile usage.
Signed-off-by: crynobone <crynobone@gmail.com>

src/components/facile/index.md, after:

---
title: Facile Component
badge: facile

---

Facile Component simplify the need to create API based response in your Laravel application, with just the following code you are able to return multi format Response, either it be HTML (using `View`), json or etc.

1. [Version Compatibility](#compatibility)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Configuration](#configuration)
4. [Usage](#usage)
5. [Change Log]({doc-url}/components/facile/changes#v2-2)
6. [Github](https://github.com/orchestral/facile)

<a name="compatibility"></a>
## Version Compatibility

Laravel    | Facile
:----------|:----------
 4.0.x     | 2.0.x
 4.1.x     | 2.1.x
 4.2.x     | 2.2.x
 5.0.x     | 3.0.x

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation

To install through composer, simply put the following in your `composer.json` file:

```json
{
	"require": {
		"orchestra/facile": "~3.0"
	}
}
```

And then run `composer install` from the terminal.

<a name="quick-installation"></a>
### Quick Installation

Above installation can also be simplify by using the following command:

	composer require "orchestra/facile=~3.0"

<a name="configuration"></a>
## Configuration

Next add the service provider in `config/app.php`.

```php
'providers' => [

	// ...

	'Orchestra\Facile\FacileServiceProvider',
],
```

### Aliases

You might want to add `Orchestra\Support\Facades\Facile` to class aliases in `config/app.php`:

```php
'aliases' => [

	// ...

	'Facile' => 'Orchestra\Support\Facades\Facile',
],
```

<a name="usage"></a>
## Usage

Facile component works by composing the response using Template, using the `Orchestra\Facile\FacileServiceProvider`, we setup the default template for normal usage which can compose HTML, CSV and JSON response, see `Orchestra\Facile\Template\Simple`.

```php
Route::get('users', function () {
	$users = User::all();

	return Facile::view('users')->with(['users' => $users]);
});
```

In above example, what actually happen is that the response was generated using `Orchestra\Facile\Template\Simple::composeHtml()` method when you hit `/users` and `Orchestra\Facile\Template\Simple::composeJson()` when you hit `/users` with `Accept: application/json` request header.
