src/contributing.md, before:

---
title: Contributing To Orchestra Platform

---

* [Introduction](#introduction)
* [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
* [Feature Requests](#feature-requests)
* [Coding Guidelines](#coding-guidelines)

## Introduction {#introduction}

Orchestra Platform is free, open-source software, meaning anyone can contribute to its development and progress. Orchestra Platform source code is currently hosted on [Github](https://github.com), which provides an easy method for forking the project and merging your contributions.

## Pull Requests {#pull-request}

The pull request process differs for new features and bugs. Before sending a pull request for a new feature, you should first create an issue with `[Proposal]` in the title. The proposal should describe the new feature, as well as implementation ideas. The proposal will then be reviewed and either approved or denied. Once a proposal is approved, a pull request may be created implementing the new feature. Pull requests which do not follow this guideline will be closed immediately.

### Pull requests for bugfixes

Pull requests for bugs may be sent without creating any proposal issue. If you believe that you know of a solution for a bug that has been filed on Github, please leave a comment detailing your proposed fix.

### Unit test

A pull request or bugfixes **should** include relevant test cases to ensure that Orchestra Platform work as expected and avoid regression bug is produced in the future.

## Feature Requests {#feature-requests}

If you have an idea for a new feature you would like to see added to Orchestra Platform, you may create an issue on Github with `[Request]` in the title. The feature request will then be reviewed by a core contributor.

## Coding Guidelines {#coding-guidelines}

Orchestra Platform follows the [PSR-0](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-0.md), [PSR-1](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-1-basic-coding-standard.md) and [PSR-2](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-2-coding-style-guide.md) coding standards. In addition to these standards, below is a list of other coding standards that should be followed:

* Namespace declarations should be on the same line as `<?php`.
* Preferable to use `and` and `or` instead of `&&` or `||`.
* Interface names are suffixed with `Interface (FooInterface)`.

Commit message:

Add template for creating issue.
Signed-off-by: crynobone <crynobone@gmail.com>

src/contributing.md, after:

---
title: Contributing To Orchestra Platform

---

* [Introduction](#introduction)
* [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
* [Feature Requests](#feature-requests)
* [Coding Guidelines](#coding-guidelines)

## Introduction {#introduction}

Orchestra Platform is free, open-source software, meaning anyone can contribute to its development and progress. Orchestra Platform source code is currently hosted on [Github](https://github.com), which provides an easy method for forking the project and merging your contributions.

## Pull Requests {#pull-request}

The pull request process differs for new features and bugs. Before sending a pull request for a new feature, you should first create an issue with `[Proposal]` in the title. The proposal should describe the new feature, as well as implementation ideas. The proposal will then be reviewed and either approved or denied. Once a proposal is approved, a pull request may be created implementing the new feature. Pull requests which do not follow this guideline will be closed immediately.

### Template for Pull Request, Proposal, Request or Bugfix

Please include the following template when opening an issue on Github:

    | Q             | A
    | ------------- | ---
    | Bug fix?      | [yes|no]
    | New feature?  | [yes|no]
    | BC breaks?    | [yes|no]
    | Deprecations? | [yes|no]
    | Tests pass?   | [yes|no]
    | Fixed tickets | [comma separated list of tickets fixed by the PR]
    | License       | MIT
    | Doc PR        | [The reference to the documentation PR if any]

### Pull requests for bugfixes

Pull requests for bugs may be sent without creating any proposal issue. If you believe that you know of a solution for a bug that has been filed on Github, please leave a comment detailing your proposed fix.

### Unit test

A pull request or bugfixes **should** include relevant test cases to ensure that Orchestra Platform work as expected and avoid regression bug is produced in the future.

## Feature Requests {#feature-requests}

If you have an idea for a new feature you would like to see added to Orchestra Platform, you may create an issue on Github with `[Request]` in the title. The feature request will then be reviewed by a core contributor.

## Coding Guidelines {#coding-guidelines}

Orchestra Platform follows the [PSR-0](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-0.md), [PSR-1](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-1-basic-coding-standard.md) and [PSR-2](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-2-coding-style-guide.md) coding standards. In addition to these standards, below is a list of other coding standards that should be followed:

* Namespace declarations should be on the same line as `<?php`.
* Preferable to use `and` and `or` instead of `&&` or `||`.
* Interface names are suffixed with `Interface (FooInterface)`.
